tools/update/download.md, before:

[返回主页](../../README.md) / [Back to Main Page](../../en/README.md)

# 课程视频 / Videos

1. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/c2/81/f1/c281f1aa-3abd-e87e-e16d-7eb0d4b1a5d8/311-6554896743492737986-01_9_25_17_1080p_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">Introduction to iOS 11, Xcode 9 and Swift 4</a></summary>Paul Hegarty provides an overview of the lecture series and introduces the different components in iOS. He concludes with a demo of Concentration Game.</details>
2. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/a3/0f/1e/a30f1e6c-66b6-35da-ca51-321d272f0444/309-2503760600607007728-02_9_27_17_CS193p_720p_3mb_cc.m4v">MVC</a></summary>Paul Hegarty explains the Model-View-Controller (MVC) concept. He then continues the Concentration demo: demonstrating the application of MVC to the Concentration Game.</details>
3. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/cc/18/4c/cc184cca-aaef-fd8e-e0f0-045e766707c9/319-2557083044702627203-03_10_02_17_prores_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">Swift Programming Language</a></summary>Paul Hegarty begins with a demonstration of making Concentration's button layout dynamic. He then reviews the first two lectures and continues diving into Swift.</details>
4. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/a1/6e/07/a16e07a8-9978-bd09-8f68-e7e76cbf8b32/336-3848977901446740876-04_10_04_17_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">More Swift</a></summary>Paul Hegarty continues his coverage of Swift.</details>
5. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/9d/97/13/9d9713ce-dc0b-c244-8ba5-1e218babe9fa/317-8878116075149346380-05_10_09_17_prores_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">Drawing</a></summary>Paul Hegarty covers error handling, special types any and anyobject, and casting. He then introduces views.</details>
6. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/40/b6/28/40b62847-db9f-bc45-10fd-8026ac4e66e4/321-6728107643679048758-06_10_11_17_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">Multitouch</a></summary>Paul Hegarty continues his PlayingCard demonstration on views. He then introduces gestures and concludes with a demo on swiping, tapping and pinching.</details>
7. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/41/40/da/4140da9f-07b3-52b5-c8a3-8e466d2ed444/309-96054835436878188-07_10_16_17_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">Multiple MVCs, Timer, and Animation</a></summary>Paul Hegarty begins with an explanation of multiple MVCs and demonstrates Theme Chooser in Concentration. He then introduces timer and animation.</details>
8. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/16/8f/57/168f574f-523a-251d-9c32-22ac7c267ca9/327-7793456677118526749-08_10_18_17_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">Animation</a></summary>Paul Hegarty continues his coverage of Animation.</details>
9. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/b5/d5/96/b5d596e4-2ebc-f53e-930b-642207e21c87/335-8360806109958293556-09_10_23_17_prores_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc2.m4v">View Controller Lifecycle and Scroll View</a></summary>Paul Hegarty delves into the view controller lifecycle – keeping track of what's happening in your Controller as it goes through its lifetime – and then demonstrates putting print()s into the multiple-MVC version of Concentration. He then covers scroll view.</details>
10. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/1d/45/43/1d4543d6-2ed9-55d1-6cf1-1929b5319c10/311-695518005627000002-10_10_25_17_prores_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">Multithreading and Autolayout</a></summary>Paul Hegarty covers multithreading and then demonstrates with a multithreaded Cassini. He then introduces autolayout.</details>
11. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/c8/4b/a1/c84ba1c1-d1b1-8cb3-8083-0cba3ea3013e/335-5035465745252410791-11_10_30_17_prores_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">Drag and Drop, Table View, and Collection View</a></summary>Paul Hegarty lectures about drag and drop – transferring information around within and between apps – and demonstrates applying it in a demonstration of EmojiArt. He then introduces UITableView and UICollectionView.</details>
12. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/d1/b4/67/d1b467d2-b5fc-f2e3-4b5f-8c431659db66/303-5025198319972677062-12_11_01_17_prores_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">Drag and Drop, Table View, Collection View, and Text Field</a></summary>Paul Hegarty continues his demo of EmojiArt. He then covers editable text input control with UITextField.</details>

# 课程讲义 / Slides

1. [Lecture 1 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/b8/e3/2e/b8e32eaf-b0c4-4c3c-15e3-047f446b3e39/306-8064245884110005836-CS193P_F17_Lecture_1.pdf)
2. [Lecture 2 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/c2/d5/8f/c2d58f95-6448-17c1-fd56-46536fe6e2ae/335-8348407309262319289-CS193P_F17_Lecture_2.pdf)
3. [Lecture 3 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/2a/94/52/2a945263-f1f8-16b6-43e1-6ee87eab15c2/331-7606507835520006753-CS193P_F17_Lecture_3.pdf)
4. [Lecture 4 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/0e/70/72/0e707292-d70e-c91d-dbb4-e75eacf606cd/332-7722181712227503268-CS193P_F17_Lecture_4.pdf)
5. [Lecture 5 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/1f/17/6e/1f176e43-2235-47c3-01d3-8b79dffd5a47/330-1915007205404420726-CS193P_F17_Lecture_5.pdf)
6. [Lecture 6 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/e5/a7/ae/e5a7aeba-db5f-b50f-a6d3-861dd0bb8a57/312-5688919973254424356-CS193P_F17_Lecture_6.pdf)
7. [Lecture 7 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/a9/6f/3b/a96f3b8a-35c1-50bd-ce9f-e26a54d48544/320-5503734535583450465-CS193P_F17_Lecture_7.pdf)
8. [Lecture 8 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/bf/dd/b5/bfddb5ba-503e-0057-a1b7-dfaeeb999387/335-3416648937156657194-CS193P_F17_Lecture_8.pdf)
9. [Lecture 9 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/84/92/46/849246d8-03f1-4eb8-9ab6-bedde8580d24/332-3154341613995510587-CS193P_F17_Lecture_9.pdf)
10. [Lecture 10 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/d2/d2/6b/d2d26bfc-0528-265c-6c60-90ec126e6ee5/322-6515997048783028736-CS193P_F17_Lecture_10.pdf)
11. [Lecture 11 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/90/9f/cf/909fcfbf-7e6a-6722-fe59-27429115ff6b/317-8823617114003497609-CS193P_F17_Lecture_11.pdf)
12. [Lecture 12 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/40/1e/67/401e6721-4436-fb80-2ca1-9d5378b2101e/306-4082649130340532415-CS193P_F17_Lecture_12.pdf)

# 阅读作业 / Readings

1. [Intro to Swift](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/4b/1b/f6/4b1bf6e4-f408-21fe-924d-c5fdb8ec9ea3/309-1725317477475915568-CS193P_F17_Reading_1.pdf)
2. [Intro to Swift](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/a1/8b/72/a18b72d5-6c48-9898-ff1e-7d95d2c5d914/301-1950499169436194703-CS193P_F17_Reading_2.pdf)
3. [Finishing Off Swift](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/d3/2d/e5/d32de58b-bbb0-2264-be85-25b2c84a4733/336-3367719085568248138-CS193P_F17_Reading_3.pdf)

# 编程作业 / Programming Projects

1. [Concentration](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/04/b5/81/04b58115-f130-54e7-e23d-020840f92932/311-6986826354385551794-CS193P_F17_Assignment_1_iTunesU.pdf)
2. [Set](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/a9/7f/a3/a97fa31e-7bb6-6fa3-3e37-dd3654699ba4/314-6143069573660719394-CS193P_F17_Assignment_2.pdf)
3. [Graphical Set](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/5e/34/b1/5e34b154-8ffd-ee18-2df3-16d50177b8cc/309-1475895300459033080-CS193P_F17_Assignment_3.pdf)
4. [Animated Set](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/5e/89/9f/5e899f5d-19e7-aa34-6ca7-93a1e645eefc/309-2441628197055099936-CS193P_F17_Assignment_4.pdf)
5. [Image Gallery](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/22/c3/00/22c30013-28dd-41eb-e104-a4594ec95dad/308-8518403617003934463-CS193P_F17_Assignment_5.pdf)

<details><summary></summary><script type="text/javascript"> window.onload = function () { document.getElementsByClassName("project-name")[0].innerHTML = "下载列表 / Course Materials"; } </script></details>

Commit message:

解决 Bug 然后更新下载列表
<entry>
<author>
<name>Paul Hegarty</name>
</author>
<title type="html">
<![CDATA[ 14 11-08-17_prores_1-CS193p 1080p 3mb_cc ]]>
</title>
<id>1/CODOAOSRJY0GOAQH/MADYDSIETMFCCJHB</id>
<updated>2017-12-13T11:23:38PST</updated>
<published>2017-12-13T11:22:47PST</published>
<summary type="html">
<![CDATA[ 14 11-08-17_prores_1-CS193p 1080p 3mb_cc ]]>
</summary>
<link rel="enclosure" type="video/x-m4v" href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/bd/75/bc/bd75bcfa-a25d-357f-3dd3-95625d4f45fc/322-3070597437388337062-14_11_08_17_prores_1_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v" length="1913215816"/>
</entry>

tools/update/download.md, after:

[返回主页](../../README.md) / [Back to Main Page](../../en/README.md)

# 课程视频 / Videos

1. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/c2/81/f1/c281f1aa-3abd-e87e-e16d-7eb0d4b1a5d8/311-6554896743492737986-01_9_25_17_1080p_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">Introduction to iOS 11, Xcode 9 and Swift 4</a></summary>Paul Hegarty provides an overview of the lecture series and introduces the different components in iOS. He concludes with a demo of Concentration Game.</details>
2. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/a3/0f/1e/a30f1e6c-66b6-35da-ca51-321d272f0444/309-2503760600607007728-02_9_27_17_CS193p_720p_3mb_cc.m4v">MVC</a></summary>Paul Hegarty explains the Model-View-Controller (MVC) concept. He then continues the Concentration demo: demonstrating the application of MVC to the Concentration Game.</details>
3. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/cc/18/4c/cc184cca-aaef-fd8e-e0f0-045e766707c9/319-2557083044702627203-03_10_02_17_prores_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">Swift Programming Language</a></summary>Paul Hegarty begins with a demonstration of making Concentration's button layout dynamic. He then reviews the first two lectures and continues diving into Swift.</details>
4. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/a1/6e/07/a16e07a8-9978-bd09-8f68-e7e76cbf8b32/336-3848977901446740876-04_10_04_17_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">More Swift</a></summary>Paul Hegarty continues his coverage of Swift.</details>
5. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/9d/97/13/9d9713ce-dc0b-c244-8ba5-1e218babe9fa/317-8878116075149346380-05_10_09_17_prores_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">Drawing</a></summary>Paul Hegarty covers error handling, special types any and anyobject, and casting. He then introduces views.</details>
6. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/40/b6/28/40b62847-db9f-bc45-10fd-8026ac4e66e4/321-6728107643679048758-06_10_11_17_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">Multitouch</a></summary>Paul Hegarty continues his PlayingCard demonstration on views. He then introduces gestures and concludes with a demo on swiping, tapping and pinching.</details>
7. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/41/40/da/4140da9f-07b3-52b5-c8a3-8e466d2ed444/309-96054835436878188-07_10_16_17_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">Multiple MVCs, Timer, and Animation</a></summary>Paul Hegarty begins with an explanation of multiple MVCs and demonstrates Theme Chooser in Concentration. He then introduces timer and animation.</details>
8. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/16/8f/57/168f574f-523a-251d-9c32-22ac7c267ca9/327-7793456677118526749-08_10_18_17_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">Animation</a></summary>Paul Hegarty continues his coverage of Animation.</details>
9. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/b5/d5/96/b5d596e4-2ebc-f53e-930b-642207e21c87/335-8360806109958293556-09_10_23_17_prores_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc2.m4v">View Controller Lifecycle and Scroll View</a></summary>Paul Hegarty delves into the view controller lifecycle – keeping track of what's happening in your Controller as it goes through its lifetime – and then demonstrates putting print()s into the multiple-MVC version of Concentration. He then covers scroll view.</details>
10. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/1d/45/43/1d4543d6-2ed9-55d1-6cf1-1929b5319c10/311-695518005627000002-10_10_25_17_prores_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">Multithreading and Autolayout</a></summary>Paul Hegarty covers multithreading and then demonstrates with a multithreaded Cassini. He then introduces autolayout.</details>
11. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/c8/4b/a1/c84ba1c1-d1b1-8cb3-8083-0cba3ea3013e/335-5035465745252410791-11_10_30_17_prores_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">Drag and Drop, Table View, and Collection View</a></summary>Paul Hegarty lectures about drag and drop – transferring information around within and between apps – and demonstrates applying it in a demonstration of EmojiArt. He then introduces UITableView and UICollectionView.</details>
12. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/d1/b4/67/d1b467d2-b5fc-f2e3-4b5f-8c431659db66/303-5025198319972677062-12_11_01_17_prores_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">Drag and Drop, Table View, Collection View, and Text Field</a></summary>Paul Hegarty continues his demo of EmojiArt. He then covers editable text input control with UITextField.</details>
13. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/d2/e4/c4/d2e4c497-670f-6b43-c919-6ec42e4481a9/312-9097236878835223246-13_11_06_17_prores_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">Persistence and Documents</a></summary>Paul Hegarty continues his demo of Emoji Art where he implements UITextField to add more Emoji. He then introduces persistence.</details>
14. <details><summary><a href="https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/0b/fe/9f/0bfe9fe6-faae-0470-a9b0-81c1908cf484/305-1366423083051400424-14_11_08_17_prores_1_CS193p_1080p_3mb_cc.m4v">Persistence and Documents Demo</a></summary>Paul Hegarty extends his coverage of Documents. He then does a demonstration of using Codable to create a JSON representation, storing it in the filesystem then letting UIDocument store it instead, and then using UIDocumentBrowserViewController to choose/create/rename/move documents.</details>

# 课程讲义 / Slides

1. [Lecture 1 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/b8/e3/2e/b8e32eaf-b0c4-4c3c-15e3-047f446b3e39/306-8064245884110005836-CS193P_F17_Lecture_1.pdf)
2. [Lecture 2 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/c2/d5/8f/c2d58f95-6448-17c1-fd56-46536fe6e2ae/335-8348407309262319289-CS193P_F17_Lecture_2.pdf)
3. [Lecture 3 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/2a/94/52/2a945263-f1f8-16b6-43e1-6ee87eab15c2/331-7606507835520006753-CS193P_F17_Lecture_3.pdf)
4. [Lecture 4 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/0e/70/72/0e707292-d70e-c91d-dbb4-e75eacf606cd/332-7722181712227503268-CS193P_F17_Lecture_4.pdf)
5. [Lecture 5 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/1f/17/6e/1f176e43-2235-47c3-01d3-8b79dffd5a47/330-1915007205404420726-CS193P_F17_Lecture_5.pdf)
6. [Lecture 6 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/e5/a7/ae/e5a7aeba-db5f-b50f-a6d3-861dd0bb8a57/312-5688919973254424356-CS193P_F17_Lecture_6.pdf)
7. [Lecture 7 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/a9/6f/3b/a96f3b8a-35c1-50bd-ce9f-e26a54d48544/320-5503734535583450465-CS193P_F17_Lecture_7.pdf)
8. [Lecture 8 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/bf/dd/b5/bfddb5ba-503e-0057-a1b7-dfaeeb999387/335-3416648937156657194-CS193P_F17_Lecture_8.pdf)
9. [Lecture 9 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/84/92/46/849246d8-03f1-4eb8-9ab6-bedde8580d24/332-3154341613995510587-CS193P_F17_Lecture_9.pdf)
10. [Lecture 10 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/d2/d2/6b/d2d26bfc-0528-265c-6c60-90ec126e6ee5/322-6515997048783028736-CS193P_F17_Lecture_10.pdf)
11. [Lecture 11 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/90/9f/cf/909fcfbf-7e6a-6722-fe59-27429115ff6b/317-8823617114003497609-CS193P_F17_Lecture_11.pdf)
12. [Lecture 12 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/40/1e/67/401e6721-4436-fb80-2ca1-9d5378b2101e/306-4082649130340532415-CS193P_F17_Lecture_12.pdf)
13. [Lecture 13 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic122/v4/b6/6b/ae/b66bae2e-4eaa-0b2f-ec1e-f056af95bde1/323-4247208383177102782-CS193P_F17_Lecture_13.pdf)
14. [Lecture 14 Slides](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/fa/71/a4/fa71a463-d836-f2d2-005d-e00ca2d84b48/322-5794459892624250293-CS193P_F17_Lecture_14.pdf)

# 阅读作业 / Readings

1. [Intro to Swift](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/4b/1b/f6/4b1bf6e4-f408-21fe-924d-c5fdb8ec9ea3/309-1725317477475915568-CS193P_F17_Reading_1.pdf)
2. [Intro to Swift](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/a1/8b/72/a18b72d5-6c48-9898-ff1e-7d95d2c5d914/301-1950499169436194703-CS193P_F17_Reading_2.pdf)
3. [Finishing Off Swift](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/d3/2d/e5/d32de58b-bbb0-2264-be85-25b2c84a4733/336-3367719085568248138-CS193P_F17_Reading_3.pdf)

# 编程作业 / Programming Projects

1. [Concentration](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/04/b5/81/04b58115-f130-54e7-e23d-020840f92932/311-6986826354385551794-CS193P_F17_Assignment_1_iTunesU.pdf)
2. [Set](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/a9/7f/a3/a97fa31e-7bb6-6fa3-3e37-dd3654699ba4/314-6143069573660719394-CS193P_F17_Assignment_2.pdf)
3. [Graphical Set](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/5e/34/b1/5e34b154-8ffd-ee18-2df3-16d50177b8cc/309-1475895300459033080-CS193P_F17_Assignment_3.pdf)
4. [Animated Set](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/5e/89/9f/5e899f5d-19e7-aa34-6ca7-93a1e645eefc/309-2441628197055099936-CS193P_F17_Assignment_4.pdf)
5. [Image Gallery](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic118/v4/22/c3/00/22c30013-28dd-41eb-e104-a4594ec95dad/308-8518403617003934463-CS193P_F17_Assignment_5.pdf)
6. [Persistent Image Gallery](https://itunesu-assets.itunes.apple.com/apple-assets-us-std-000001/CobaltPublic128/v4/5a/46/19/5a4619d5-bee0-1379-e204-731912cea353/307-9138746427331321981-CS193P_F17_Assignment_6.pdf)

<details><summary></summary><script type="text/javascript"> window.onload = function () { document.getElementsByClassName("project-name")[0].innerHTML = "下载列表 / Course Materials"; } </script></details>
